Hey Jiajia
Jiajia, what's wrong with you?
The blood money we developed can only solve low toxins
I'm mutating too slowly
Maybe it's because I took the drug you developed before
Plus later
He used Jiang Fan's blood again
I only
It could be a toxin in my body
Too low toxin low
You go to the mutant to bite you, right?
My dad developed this serum
Only low-toxin ones can be solved.
Does not resolve toxins in the normal body
So I just
Zheng Jiajia
If we develop this blood gas
What should I do if I can solve the toxins of normal people?
What to do if your deepened toxin doesn't resolve?
What if you can't return to normal in the future?
Zhang Jiajia, have you thought about the consequences?
If that's the time
Kill me!
Zhang Qiangqiang
You lunatic
In case we have to punish this time
If it can solve the deepening toxin
Then we will
Jiajia
Jiajia Jiajia